# Button
To trigger an operation.

## When To Use
A button means an operation(or a series of operations).Clicking a button will trigger corresponding business logic.
In pluviophobe-react we provide 5 types of button.
- Primary button: indicate the main action, one primary button at most in one section.
- Default button: indicate a series of actions without priority.
- Dashed button: used for adding action commonly.
- Text button: used for the most secondary action.
- Link button: used for external links.
  And 4 other properties additionally.
- `danger`: used for actions of risk, like deletion or authorization.
- `ghost`: used in situations with complex background, home pages usually.
- `disabled`: when actions are not available.
- `loading` : add loading spinner in button, avoiding multiple submits too.

## Code demonstration

<code src='./demo/index.tsx'></code>

## API
Different button styles are generated by setting the properties of the button. The recommended order is： type -> size -> loading -> disabled。
The properties of the button are described as follows:

<table>
   <thead>
     <th>attribute</th>
     <th>explain</th>
     <th>type</th>
     <th>default</th>
     <th>edition</th>
   </thead>
   <tbody>
      <tr>
         <td>size</td>
         <td>Set button size</td>
         <td>lg \| sm</td>
         <td>sm</td>
         <td></td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
         <td>type</td>
         <td>Set button type</td>
         <td>default danger link primary </td>
         <td>default</td>
         <td></td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
         <td>className</td>
         <td>Style class name</td>
         <td>string</td>
         <td></td>
         <td></td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
         <td>disabled</td>
         <td>Button failure status</td>
         <td>boolean</td>
         <td>false</td>
         <td></td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
         <td>href</td>
         <td>Click to jump to the address</td>
         <td>string</td>
         <td>black</td>
         <td></td>
      </tr>
   </tbody>
</table>
